# LicenseTimeStamp

### Release Notes

#### Background

This library is to implement a time expiry library that can check the start time of a software license and return whether it has reach the license expiry time.

It was part of the job application process for the software developer role in JDTech. 

It was solely comepleted by me (i.e., Hailun Tan) as the job applicant for this role.

#### Features

*   A time expiry library to create, inspect and secure the timestamp file(s) when the license for the software was activated.
*   It has adopted the RSA asymmetric algorithm to encrypt and decrypt the  timestamp files. It ensure the data confidentiality. 
*   An encoded checksum to check the file tampering is stored in a seperated file. 
    
    NOTE: The reason I make it in this way are: 
    
    * To distribute the hacking risk: the hacker needs to crack both files so that he or she can circumvent the time expiry check. 
    It is more difficult for the attacker to capture both files and make modifications on them so that they match with each other.  
    
    * To prevent user(s) deleting the encrypted timestamp file to force the file creation API to work. With a checksum file stored somewhere not known to user, the user cannot "renew" the license by deleting the encrypted timestamp file only.

*  Due to the lack of support on visual C++ in MAC OS, I have prepared a makefile in this package to compile and build the static library, instead of a dll file in Windows.

#### TODO

*  As to the testplan, I suggested using the "googletest" (https://github.com/google/googletest/releases/tag/release-1.11.0) as the test frameworks for this application. I can manage to get this work done but it can take much longer time to complete, which is beyond the code test timeline.

* As to the primes used in RSA algorithm, it is another design parameter, which could be a trade-off between the performance (i.e., the smaller the prime number is, the quicker the data is encrypted/decrypted) and security (i.e., the larger the prime number is, the more entropies are introduced into the encryption algorithm, enhancing security).


### Getting Started 

 * Unzip the package
 * Check README.MD file (i.e., this file)
 * Execute "make all" command on the console to compile and build the static library and the console test program (for MAC OS or Linux only)
 * The test console program is called "LicenseTimeStampTest" under the "bin" folder within the  directory where the package was unzuipped if the unzipped files are not moved 
        It shall not need any input parameter to run. Just type "LicenseTimeStampTest" under the "bin" folder and it shall printout some test message(s)
 * The static library is called "libLicenseTimeStamp.a" under the "lib" folder  within the  directory where the package was unzuipped if the unzipped files are not moved.
 * The test console program is called "LicenseTimeStampTest", under the "bin" foler within the directory where the package was unzipped.
 * The encrypted timestamp file is called "Ecnrypted.txt", under the directory where the package was unzipped (It will showup after running the "LicenseTimeStampTest")
 * The checksum  file to check for the file tampering is called "checksum.txt", under the directory where the package was unzipped (It will showup after running the "LicenseTimeStampTest").
 * The test console program will generate the encrypted timestamp and checksum files for the first time when those files are not available in the dedicated directory. Afterward, the encrypted timestamp files will not be generated by running the test console program. If you wish to make the encrypted timestamp file generated again in test console program, you need to manually delete the "Encrypted.txt" and "checksum.txt" before running the test console program.


## Support

*  if you spot any issue for this library, please send email to hailun.tan@gmail.com. 